[RUM-13368] React Native v3 (#33967)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/application_monitoring/react_native/advanced_configuration.md

**Type**: String<br/>
The application's environment, for example: prod, pre-prod, and staging. Follows the [tag syntax requirements][5].

`rumConfiguration`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: `RumConfiguration`<br/>
The Datadog RUM configuration. RUM is **disabled by default**. See [RUM Configuration][20].

`logsConfiguration`
: Optional<br/>
**Default**: `undefined`<br/>
**Type**: `LogsConfiguration`<br/>
The Datadog Logs configuration. Logs is **disabled by default**: use an empty configuration `{}` to enable. See [Logs Configuration][21].

`traceConfiguration`
: Optional<br/>

> **Type**: `TraceConfiguration`<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Type**: `TraceConfiguration`<br/>
```

**Default**: `0`<br/>
The threshold for JavaScript long tasks reporting in milliseconds. Setting it to `0` or `false` disables JavaScript long task reporting. Values below `100` are raised to `100`. Values above `5000` are lowered to `5000`.

`vitalsUpdateFrequency`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: VitalsUpdateFrequency<br/>
**Default**: `VitalsUpdateFrequency.AVERAGE`<br/>
Sets the preferred frequency for collecting mobile vitals.

`trackBackgroundEvents`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: Boolean<br/>
**Default**: `false`<br/>
Enables tracking of RUM event when no RUM View is active. By default, background events are not tracked. Enabling this feature might increase the number of sessions tracked and impact your billing.

`useAccessibilityLabel`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: Boolean<br/>
**Default**: `true`<br/>
Determines whether the accessibility labels are used to name RUM actions (default is true).

`trackNonFatalAnrs`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: Boolean<br/>
**Default**: `true`

> On Android 29 and below, `false` on Android 30+. Enables tracking of non-fatal ANRs on Android. By default, the reporting of non-fatal ANRs on Android 30+ is disabled because it would create too much noise over fatal ANRs.  On Android 29 and below, however, the reporting of non-fatal ANRs is enabled by default, as fatal ANRs cannot be reported on those versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables tracking of non-fatal ANRs on Android. On Android 30+, reporting is disabled by default to reduce noise from fatal ANRs. On Android 29 and below, reporting is enabled by default because fatal ANRs cannot be reported on those versions.
```

**Type**: Boolean<br/>
**Default**: `false`
Determines whether the SDK should track application termination by the watchdog on iOS.

`trackMemoryWarnings`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: Boolean<br/>
**Default**: `true`
Enables tracking of memory warnings as RUM events on iOS. When enabled, the SDK will automatically record a RUM event each time the app receives a memory warning from the operating system.

`appHangThreshold`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: Number<br/>
**Default**: `undefined`
The app hang threshold in seconds for non-fatal app hangs on iOS. App hangs are an iOS-specific type of error that happens when the application is unresponsive for too long. By default, app hangs reporting is disabled, but you can enable it and set your own threshold to monitor app hangs that last more than a specified
duration by using the this parameter. Set the `appHangThreshold` parameter to the minimal duration you want
app hangs to be reported. For example, enter 0.25 to report hangs lasting at least 250 ms.
See [Configure the app hang threshold][19] for more guidance on what to set this value to.

`initialResourceThreshold`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: Number<br/>
**Default**: `0.1` (seconds)

> The amount of time after a view starts where a Resource should be considered when calculating Time to Network-Settled (TNS). TNS will be calculated using all resources that start withing the specified threshold, in seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The amount of time after a view starts where a Resource should be considered when calculating Time to Network-Settled (TNS). TNS is calculated using all resources that start within the specified threshold, in seconds.
```

`errorEventMapper`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: `ErrorEventMapper` <br/>
**Default**: `null`<br/>

> Custom function to modify the attributes of a RUM Error event before it is sent to Datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom function to modify the attributes of a RUM Error event before it is sent to Datadog.
```

`actionEventMapper`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: `ActionEventMapper` <br/>
**Default**: `null`<br/>
Custom function to modify the attributes of a RUM Action event before it is sent to Datadog

`resourceEventMapper`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: `ResourceEventMapper` <br/>
**Default**: `null`<br/>

> Custom function to modify the attributes of a RUM Resource event before it is sent to Datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom function to modify the attributes of a RUM Resource event before it is sent to Datadog.
```

**Default**: `true`<br/>

> Enables trace correlation with logs (default is true).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables trace correlation with logs.
```

`logEventMapper`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: `LogEventMapper` <br/>
**Default**: `null`<br/>

> Custom function to modify the attributes of a Log event before it is sent to Datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom function to modify the attributes of a Log event before it is sent to Datadog.
```
